Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 1 (#25258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/attributes/aria-disabled/index.md

The `aria-disabled` attribute, when set to `true`, indicates that the element upon which it is set and all of its focusable descendants are meant to be in the disabled state. This declaration will inform people using assistive technologies, such as screen readers, that such elements are not meant to be editable or otherwise operable.

> Unlike HTML's [`disabled`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#disabled) Boolean attribute which will communicate a form control as semantically being disabled, change its styling to reflect its state, and suppress all functionality along with disallowing the element's value from participating in form submission, the `aria-disabled="true"` <strong>only</strong> semantically exposes these elements as being disabled. Web developers must manually ensure such elements have their functionality suppressed when they are exposed in the disabled state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike HTML's [`disabled`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#disabled) Boolean attribute, which will communicate a form control as semantically being disabled, change its styling to reflect its state and suppress all functionality along with disallowing the element's value from participating in form submission, the `aria-disabled="true"` <strong>only</strong> semantically exposes these elements as being disabled. Web developers must manually ensure such elements have their functionality suppressed when exposed to the disabled state.
```
